some work on the paper (#440)
PaulBredl/config-assistant: paper/user_study.tex

\subsection{Methodology}\label{subsec:methodology} % Minye

Our user study is qualitative and consists of five interviews.
We do not perform any major quantitative analysis of the results as the sample size is too small to draw any statistically significant conclusions.

\subsubsection{Potential Users}
We look for potential users to conduct the interviews.

> There consider the following groups of people as potential users

Author: ```suggestion
We consider the following groups of people as potential users:
```

\begin{itemize}
    \item Professors and students who are interested in our application.
    \item People who frequently use \cfgfiles{} and schema languages
\end{itemize}
In table~\ref{tab:user_study_feedback}, the professions of the participants are listed.

\subsubsection{Interview Questions}

> We created a JSON schema and \cfgfile{}, about a made-up self-driving car simulation.

Author: ```suggestion
We created a JSON schema and \cfgfile{} for a made-up self-driving car simulation software.
```
@beyond2void like that maybe?

Reviewer: Oh sorry I mean line 36: "The interview questions deal with working with those files."

Author: True
